# From Iteration to Simulation to Prediction

This tutorial is for students and analysts who want to strengthen their
skills in iteration and simulation using R. We will begin with the
fundamentals of iteration, exploring for-loops, maps, and nested data
frames, and learn how functions applied to nested data can save time in
analysis. Next, we will cover basic simulation techniques and see how
these ideas can be applied in practice. To bring it all together, we
will use the fitzRoy package to scrape AFL data, build models for the
current top eight teams in the finals series, and apply our iteration
and simulation tools to predict potential winners. By the end, you will
have a clear pathway from core coding concepts to real-world predictive
modelling.

**Presenter**: [Minh
Huynh](https://research.monash.edu/en/persons/minh-huynh) is a senior
lecturer in the Department of Econometrics and Business Statistics. His
research focuses on sport analytics, where he has applied network
analysis, clustering, and machine learning to understand performance,
strategy, and team dynamics. He is also an award-winning educator,
having led a team that received an Australian Award for University
Teaching (AAUT) with a citation for Outstanding Contribution to Student
Learning, recognising their collective impact in statistics education.

**Background**: You should have a basic understanding of R, be familiar
with tidy data, and know how to use ggplot2. It's also helpful if you've
read the material in [R4DS](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/) and taken a
first-year statistics course.

## Structure of tutorial


